It was the Xu family who retaliated
They said they would send Lin Fan there
Otherwise, let the Qiao family meet each other in Jiangdong
Then send Lin Fan there
Jo Vivi, what nonsense are you talking about?
Vivi has a point
You send that Lin Fan over there
Help our Qiao family be peaceful
Qinghe, you are now the president of Qiao's Group
You do things with the big picture in mind
Qinghe
My Qiao family's century-old foundation cannot be destroyed in my hands
You are now the president of the Joe Group
It's up to you.
I don't want to
Dear elders
Don't be embarrassed to celebrate
I, Lin Fan, do things alone and do things alone
In less than a day
I asked the Xu family to close their account in Jiangdong
Guo Rongkang rides the Jiangnan branch
Arrest Xu Zihao
Lin Fan
This Lin Fan
As soon as the critical moment comes, you will know the number 6 pair
We Jojo
Why did you copy such a fee?
Kyung-heng
Just put that Lin Fan
Delivered to the Xu family
The horse will find you a better one.
Ok?
Lin Fan is my man
I can't push him into the fire pit
Don't worry
I'll think of a way.
What else can we do now?
Qinghe
Now you better have a way
Otherwise, we will tie you and Lin Fan up
Xu Family Chitose Grandpa
I am your biological granddaughter
Ok, no need for your help.
I'll go find Xu Ziheng myself
You are really